In the last video, we established that we're going to share all of our code through an NPM package.
And the first thing I want to discuss around publishing our common library as an NPM package is the
security of our code.
So inside of our common library, we're going to have some really common middleware.
So you're going to see all over online, such as that require authentication, middleware and that error
handling stuff and so on.
But inside of your own personal project that you might be working on in the future, your common library
might have some very sensitive code inside of it.
It might contain some very sensitive business logic or something similar.
And so before even creating this package, I just want to have a quick discussion on package security.
When we published a package with AMPM, there are really three different options or three very popular
options, I should say, available to us to make this package available to other people inside of our
company or other people who are working on our project.
We can publish this package to the NPM public registry.
We can publish it to the public registry inside of an organization, or we can publish it to a private
registry.
When we published a package directly to the public registry.
Anyone else can see this package by default, and so anyone else can take a look at your code and possibly
see your business logic inside their.
If you instead publish your package to a organization, we can mark the organization as public or assuming
it has private.
And then only people who are a member of this organization can see the packages inside.
If you want to use a private organization, you do have to pay extra money to NPM.
You can also create a private registry and access to this will be limited to whoever you give direct
access to.
If you try to create a private registry directly through NPM, you end up having to pay money.
Alternatively, you can also host your own open source version of a MPM registry which is free but requires
a bit of additional setup.
So in total, if we just publish this package directly to NPM, it will be public and visible to all.
If we publish it inside of a private organisation, it will be only accessible by people who are a member
of our organisation.
And if we publish it to a private registry, then only people who have access to our registry will be
able to see it.
We're going to end up going with the organization option.
So we're going to create a new organization and then publish our package inside there.
And just, you know, there are public and private organizations.
If you create a public organization, then everyone else is going to be able to see the package inside
of here.
It's only when we create a private one that the package will be hidden.
Creating a public organization does cost money.
So we're not going to create a private one.
We're going to create a public one.
But you could very easily turn it into private if you wish to do so.
Let's first get started by creating this organization.
To do so, I'm going to open up a new browser tab and navigate to NPM.
Once over here, I'm going to make sure that I've signed up for an account.
I'll click on myself on the top right hand side and I'll click on Add organization.
I then get prompted to create a new organization, as you can see right away, that we can create either
a private one or a public one.
And if you want a private one, you've got to pay some money.
So we're not going to go with the private one because honestly, there's not really a lot of secure
or sensitive code inside of our common module.
Let's type in a name for our custom organization.
I'm going to use a name of SG tickets.
So that's going to be the name of my organization.
All organization names created on NPM must be unique, so you will not be able to use SG tickets.
You're going to have to come up with your own name for your organization.
Just make sure it's something you can easily remember.
Just, you know, I use SG because those are my initials, Steven Grider.
After that, I'll click on Create.
I then get prompted to invite some people.
So if I had marked this organisation as private, I would have to invite other people in order for them
to see these packages and install them into their own projects.
In this case, I don't have anyone else to invite, so I'll just click on Skip and that's it.
So now we can create our own packages and push them to this organization.
And if we had marked this organization as private.
That'd be great.
No one else would be able to see these.
But again, I don't really want to pay any money for this.
All right.
So now that we've created this organization, let's take a pause right here in the next video, we're
going to actually create our common module and make sure that we publish it to this private or this
public organization.